The theoretical report will be based on at least 3 scientific papers and will contain a synthesis and a comparison of 2-3 approaches that solve the chosen NLP task. At least one approach will be presented in more detail.   

Students have to write a theoretical paper as a .pdf file (8-10 pages) and a .ppt presentation.  

The structure of the report: Title, Author, Abstract, Introduction, 2-3 sections for describing the approaches used to solve the chosen NLP task, Discussions section containing a comparison (advantages versus disadvantages) of the presented approaches, References. 

Please read the file __Plagiarism_AI in Class Materials. The similarity threshold for the report should not exceed 25%. 

The students are self-required to abide by the principles of ethics and academic integrity and have their reports based solely on their own knowledge.

The written materials are the result of the students' own activity, and they confirm they are neither giving, nor receiving unauthorized assistance for their work.

According to the European Code of Conduct for Research Integrity, the following are unacceptable practices: - Plagiarism is using other people’s work or ideas without giving proper credit to the original source. - Hiding the use of AI or automated tools in the creation of content or drafting of publications.

Therefore: 
- Students are not allowed to hide the use of AI or automated tools in the creation of content or drafting of publications. 
- Students are not allowed to imply that the text generated by AI or automated tools and included in the reports is their own creation. 
- Students have to explicitly indicate the text generated by AI or automated tools and included in the reports.

Consequently, all written documents sent by students will have a closing paragraph after the references with the following statement:

```text
“Acknowledgement: This work is the result of my own activity, and I confirm I have neither given, nor received unauthorized assistance for this work. I declare that I used / I did not use (select appropriately) generative AI or automated tools in the creation of content or drafting of this document.”
```

All written documents not including this paragraph will be rejected.

These files (.ppt  and .pdf) and the reference papers will be submitted in the Assignment: “Theoretical report” on Teams. 
